# Artist Statement


My chosen theme was “Exploring Knowledge Credibility in a ‘Post-Truth’ world”. I selected this theme because I was fascinated by the way that “fake news” has impacted the modern day world, especially in light of the alleged role it played in the recent US election. Therefore, I chose to make a visual novel, revolving around the premise of “fake news” or false information.

In my major project, the player wakes up in the middle of a zombie apocalypse suffering from amnesia, with absolutely no knowledge of the world around them. Therefore, the player has to rely on outside sources in order to make decisions and navigate the game. A variety of sources were used - from government news propaganda, an academic lab report, an anonymous text, a voicemail from a medical expert, and social media updates.

As it may be apparent, some sources were more reliable than others --- just like in the real world -- and relying on the unreliable sources resulted in dire consequences --- in this case, death.
Though in real life, you are unlikely to die from being misinformed, I intentionally created the most extreme consequence possible to convey to the viewers, that misinformation can be deadly (albeit, a tad more literally in the game.)

In terms of plot, the game was intentionally made to be ‘light-hearted’ and intensely dramatic. This was for two main reasons. Firstly, I wanted to remove the game from any particular political messages. As the viewers are likely to have a variety of political opinions, I did not want any political messages to outrage and offend them, and detract from the artwork’s purpose. The main aim of my project was to implore the viewer to reconsider the reliability of their information sources, and think twice before accepting everything as true. This is a bipartisan, fundamental skill that is applicable to everyone - whether they are conservative, liberal or in-between. The importance of critical thinking is a universal message that I did not want anyone to be distracted from.

Secondly, putting in humorous elements and allusions to local elements (Echo360, ‘Cantberra’, ‘AHNO Medical School’ etc.), also ultimately helped retain viewer engagement. If the game were too serious, it risked boring viewers, and thus the fast-paced, dramatic nature of the major project helped minimise this issue.

It was extremely important to me to grab the viewer’s attention from the start. When considering ways to make my artwork stand out, I realised that there were two key options. 1) Make the artwork almost obnoxiously loud and/or colourful (e.g. add screaming sound effects) or 2) Make it different from everyone else’s. After taking into account that my artwork would be surrounded by countless others, I realised that option 1 was probably not the most viable as it is likely other artworks would omit sound etc. as well, creating a chaotic atmosphere. Ergo, I decided to go in the opposite direction and make my starting screen extremely minimalistic - just a black screen and a single line of text. Amongst an array of colourful, loud pieces, this would be likely to stand out.

The amnesia plot-device was used to create an air of mystery initially once the viewer had selected my artwork. Once this was established, I gradually introduced different elements of gameplay (e.g. the stairs battle scene, phone navigation) or introduced plot twists (e.g. revealing that there was a zombie apocalypse) to build up tension, and keep the viewer invested. Various over-the-top ‘death scenes’ were also implemented to make the viewer curious. If they were not interested in taking the ‘right’ path, perhaps, they would want to uncover all the various different endings.

On that note, the ending was also a key component structurally. This was because while for the rest of the game, the viewer was tasked with how to determine the reliability of information, for the final scene viewers were challenged to consider how to present information in a reliable manner. In the real world, publishing a scientific paper would probably have been the best option, however, taking into account the apocalyptic nature of the game, running a nation-wide broadcast with a renown medical expert is probably the best alternative.

As stated previously, what the main purpose of the artwork was to challenge viewers to think critically about the reliability of information. This was done in the game, by enforcing the extreme penalty of death if the viewer relied on false/unreliable information sources.

Overall, I wanted the viewer to feel a plethora of emotions. From a gameplay perspective, I wanted them to feel curiosity regarding what would happen next in the game, incredulity at the outrageous turn of events and perhaps, even frustration at the trickiness of the death scenes. This is because the more invested they were in the game and drawn into the experience, the more they would have to carefully analyse the reliability of the various information sources. Therefore, fulfilling my key purpose.

One of the most important goals for this major project, was to create an enthralling experience that would get the viewer talking about artwork after they left the gallery. Therefore, the eccentricity of my project was intentional. People are fascinated with the weird, the absurd and insane. Therefore, even just getting viewers to talk about my project would contribute to the further spread of critical thinking. As reliability of information was such a crucial part of gameplay, it would be impossible to discuss them separately. I would consider this project successful if viewers simply discussed it with others, which would perhaps instigate conversations about information reliability and perceived real-life parallels.
