# Statement of Originality

I, Cecilia Lao, declare that everything I have submitted in this major
project is entirely my own work, with the following exceptions:

## Inspiration

I was inspired by visual novels, particularly those with unexpected twists
such as the game 'Hatoful Boyfriend' which initially appeared to be a dating
sim involving pigeons but turned out to be a murder mystery involving
biological warfare and government conspiracies.

The quote from President Dick Tater was adapted from a similar quote
by North Korean dictator, Kim Jong Un.
https://www.brainyquote.com/quotes/quotes/k/kimjongun819361.html

## Code

All code is original with the exception of the reset function with was taken
from the page below:
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/5294842/refresh-a-page-using-javascript-or-html

## Assets
Office image by MagicDesk on Pixabay
https://pixabay.com/en/office-sitting-room-executive-730681/
CC0 Creative Commons (licence found in link above)

Stairway image by palmettophoto1 on Pixabay
https://pixabay.com/en/luxury-real-estate-stair-winding-1689964/
CC0 Creative Commons (licence found in link above)

Reporter image by Neva79 on Pixabay
https://pixabay.com/en/reporter-camera-journalist-media-852096/
CC0 Creative Commons (licence found in link above)

Report image by Andrys on Pixabay
https://pixabay.com/en/letter-handwriting-family-letters-447577/
CC0 Creative Commons (licence found in link above)

Trippy image by allyartist on Pixabay
https://pixabay.com/en/trippy-surreal-art-flowers-1496126/
CC0 Creative Commons (licence found in link above)

Voicemail image by Gellinger on Pixabay
https://pixabay.com/en/phone-communication-call-select-735062/
CC0 Creative Commons (licence found in link above)

Tunnel image by Pexels on Pixabay
https://pixabay.com/en/concrete-lights-perspective-tunnel-1845046/
CC0 Creative Commons (licence found in link above)

Bedroom image by Pexels on Pixabay
https://pixabay.com/en/bed-bedroom-carpet-curtains-1839183/
CC0 Creative Commons (licence found in link above)

Phone image by OpenClipart-Vectors on Pixabay
https://pixabay.com/en/smartphone-white-cellphone-mobile-157082/
CC0 Creative Commons (licence found in link above)

Basement image by tobbo on Pixabay
https://pixabay.com/en/bunker-dark-basement-soprum-554239/
CC0 Creative Commons (licence found in link above)

Echo360 image by WikimediaImages on Pixabay
https://pixabay.com/en/accuracy-international-as50-872190/
CC0 Creative Commons (licence found in link above)

Target image by OpenClipart-Vectors on Pixabay
https://pixabay.com/en/crosshairs-crosslines-cross-hairs-146113/
CC0 Creative Commons (licence found in link above)

Shadow image by OpenClipart-Vectors on Pixabay
https://pixabay.com/en/ghost-spooky-hood-halloween-scary-303833/
CC0 Creative Commons (licence found in link above)

Door image by cocoparisienne on Pixabay
https://pixabay.com/en/door-goal-portal-wooden-door-wood-2664419/
CC0 Creative Commons (licence found in link above)

Lab image by skeeze on Pixabay
https://pixabay.com/en/scientific-equipment-physicist-2040795/
CC0 Creative Commons (licence found in link above)

CityView image by melissamahon on Pixabay
https://pixabay.com/en/new-york-buildings-tall-top-view-472392/
CC0 Creative Commons (licence found in link above)

Boxer image by golfwonnow on Pixabay
https://pixabay.com/en/boxer-women-boxing-sport-woman-2758887/

Happy ending image by biancamentil on Pixabay
https://pixabay.com/en/heart-herzchen-love-romance-luck-1192662/

Bad ending image by geralt on Pixabay
https://pixabay.com/en/social-media-digitization-faces-2528410/

Sound effects

Text Message alert by Daniel Simion on soundbible
http://soundbible.com/2156-Text-Message-Alert-3.html
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0

News Sound effect by Maximilien on soundbible
http://soundbible.com/2041-News-Intro.html
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0

Punch sfx by Mark DiAngelo
http://soundbible.com/2069-Realistic-Punch.html
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0

Gunshot sfx by GoodSoundForYou
http://soundbible.com/1998-Gun-Fire.html
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0

Phone dialing sfx by KevanGC on soundbible
http://soundbible.com/1560-Phone-Dialing-With-Dialtone.html
Creative Commons - Creative Commons Attribution 3.0

Background Music

Shotgun (Original mix) by Marik/FreeBackgroundMusic on soundcloud
https://soundcloud.com/freebmusic/shotgun-original-mix-free-background-music-no-copyright-music
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0
